  2utor the terms of the contract


The private tutor matching service that provided by 2utor is absolutely free of charge. In order to ensure the quality of service, all members registered prior to using the 2utor mobile application matching service must have read and agreed to the full content of this contract. This User Agreement ("Agreement") is a contract between you and 2utor Ltd ("Company") and applies to your use of Company's services, including 2utor® App (the "Services"). By pressing "I accept and agree", you agree that you have read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement (other than any Service-Specific terms that apply to a Service that you do not use) as well as our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") and is incorporated in this Agreement by this reference.

Company may at any time amend the contract, revised terms will be posted within this site and 2utor procedures. Three days after the revised terms will be posted automatically. Therefore, you must regularly review the terms in this agreement. If you continue to use the Company’s service after any changes have been made, you have accepted the changes. This contract has been updated on 31st of August, 2015

1. SERVICE-SPECIFIC TERMS

1.1Does not guarantee any requirements from parents or students to the tutor

There was no advance interviews or visits with parents or students held by the Company. Any requirements from parents or students to tutor, including but not limited to moral, academic, culture, quality of teaching and quality of rationality and legality, suitability or other principles, is not in the 2utor controls ranges.

1.2Does not guarantee life safety of the tutor / does not guarantee the long-term use of the tutor by parents or students

Tutor’s life, security or other interests, are not within 2utor’s control ranges. 2utor will not be accepted or assume the relevant tutors and any legal responsibility between the parents or student. 2utor does not guarantee long-term use of the tutor by parents or students, the tutor that uses the site services, must make his/her own assessment of risk or other personal gain or loss. Must pay attention to all persons and persons under legal age, giving false reasons, and does not have contractual capacity of persons dealing with the risks involved.

1.3Does not guarantee the parents or student or teacher status/does not warrant the accuracy of the data

2utor cannot and will not confirm the identity of each of its parents or students, or tutors. Therefore, you accept the 2utor shown when dealing with parents or students, or tutors, must be careful to prevent fraud. 2utor shall not be responsible for any acts or omissions of any user. 2utor cannot control the users data provided through this Mobile App. As mentioned before, the service is incorporated into this agreement and deemed to constitute part of the contract. Therefore, 2utor does not guarantee any person through the use of accuracy of any data provided by the service.

1.4Relieve the 2utor of liability

If any dispute caused due to use of the services, and all of the disputes relating to, or resulting liability, claims, demands, damages (actual or indirect), regardless of nature, known or unknown, suspected or not, are public and not public, 2utor do not have to bear the legal responsibility.

1.52utor expenses

If 2utor makes any orders as required by you or according to any proceedings that you are involved (whether by subpoena or any decree issued by the Court of competent jurisdiction, including any act of disclosing documents or to attend court to give evidence) all expenses incurred, including legal or other professional advice or statements of expenditure that 2utor incurs, are borne solely by you. (In all these cases, all costs are according to the actual loss calculation)


2. 2UTOR RIGHT

2.1 Suspend or terminate a user's rights

If it is found that the users receive the following behavior, then 2utor has the right to suspend or terminate the related user without having to pay compensation:
(A) violation of the terms and conditions listed in this agreement, or
(B) (by conviction, settlement, insurance or escrow investigation or otherwise) engaged in fraud in connection with this site.

2.2 Dealing with data provided by the user's rights

2utor has an absolute and unfettered power to reject or delete any data provided by the user, without having to give notice to any party or to pay compensation. Without prejudice to the rights, if any data provided by the tutor-published or continue to publish, will lead to 2utor incurring any liability for a third party, or any effective jurisdiction of any laws or regulations or the rights of a third party, 2utor has the right to refuse or modify any of the data provided.

2.3 The right to withdraw provision of intermediary services

If 2utor makes any orders as required by you or according to any proceedings that you are involved (whether by subpoena or any decree issued by the Court of competent jurisdiction, including any act of disclosing documents or to attend court to give evidence) all expenses incurred, including legal or other professional advice or statements of expenditure that 2utor incurs, are borne solely by you. (In all these cases, all costs are according to the actual loss calculation)

2.4 The right to refuse service

2utor reserves the right to cease to provide the service to any member and refuse any person applying to become a member or to terminate the membership of any person without any explanation of their rights.

2.5 Deletion of this contract rights

2utor reserves the right to add or delete all the rights of this agreement without prior notice to the members; members must read this contract at any time, to ensure clear latest Member constraint clause.

3 DEFINITIONS

3.1 2utor

Referring to services offered by 2utor and/or 2utor mobile application.

3.2 ALL SUBJECTS

Referring to the level of all subjects, primary school subjects are including "Chinese, English, Mathematics, General Studies, Mandarin", secondary school subjects are required according to the situation of individual schools, tutoring is tantamount to full tuition.

3.3 Teacher/parent/2utor the tripartite relationship

This tutor matching service in relations with their parents is only independent contracts, there is no employment relationship; tutors and the Company exists at only service provider relationship with service users, there is no employment relationship between the parties.

3.4 Membership contract

Users agree to all the terms that shown in any part of this guide, guides, content, articles, notes, as part of the membership agreement after registration. "The wrongful action" refers to this 2utor mobile app, according to the Hong Kong S.A.R. industry/trade laws on the Internet (e-commerce), the regulatory and legal, Internet business and other industries, are subject to the same checks and safeguards of the law.

3.5 Tutor registration

A legal binding contract is formed after Members registering with the Company for its Service on the Mobile App.

3.6 Cheating

Members giving false information/registration/deception series with students or parents are regarded as cheating

3.7 Location, private tuition time, level, and scope of assurance of data       such as but not limited to gender

Mobile App provides lessons location data, but not necessarily the exact tutorial venue, warranty coverage within a 25 minute walk;
The private tuition time to be adjusted depending on the actual circumstances, and are not within the scope of the guarantee;
Level-the tutorial level guarantees within the range of plus or minus one year of education; Due to the limitation that set by the Sex Discrimination Ordinance, gender does not guarantee range.

4 About tutorial terms of service

4.1 Basic liability for supervisor

If you, as a tutor, after confirming the accepted 2utor cases must be tried in accordance with the mission of 2utor, be sure to arrive on time for class, and done on time, do not cut time without the consent of the parents or students. You agree to authorize the company to use your "registration data" as the company for publicity purposes, not limited by any law. You also agree that the company, in part or in whole, if necessary display "registration data", which is not subject to any copyright law, and the personal data (Privacy) Ordinance restrictions. You agree not to use any tool, software or programs that interfere with normal functioning of the mobile phone application server, not to deliberate, planned to make the system overloaded mobile phone program. Also, you must keep a member login name and password, and not to allow others to steal your account. You may not transmit any computer viruses or destructive programs to this phone and all members of the mobile apps. You agree not to sue the Company for any loss caused by the failure of the system. The company will strive to maintain the reliability of the system, and maintaining a good efficiency. You must not use any of the services of the Mobile App to make illegal or unethical behavior.

4.2 Responsibility of the tutor to provide accurate data

The tutor that did not provide the correct data, or service of the tutor that is stopped due to a failure to provide correct data, 2utor can refuse to provide the service.

4.3 Tutor derivative duty to withdraw

After the cases have been confirmed, as tutors decided to cancel the tuition provided to parents or students, tutors must not transmit their parents or student data to any party.

4.4 Tutor fraud liability

When tutors has been confirmed, and in the cases that 2utor discover or suspect that tutors are cheating with parents or students, 2utor will immediately terminate the membership about the tutor. 2utor reserves the rights to all criminal and civil investigation, will not tolerate any cheating occurs.

5 Non-guarantee and the wrongful act accountability

5.1 According to the "status quo" benchmark services

2utor provides its service according to the "status quo" benchmarks. 2utor’s responsibilities have been exclusively listed in this contract. In addition to outside of the matters set out in this contract, 2utor does not make any express or implied warranty or conditions. 2utor cannot guarantee that this Mobile App established by function as well as the provision of the services will be uninterrupted or error, or if the problem will be fixed, or the site or its server will be free of viruses or other harmful elements. 2utor will not guarantee any consequences of any claims occur between users of the Mobile App.

5.2 Other data

According to the Hong Kong S.A.R. industry/trade laws on the Internet (e-commerce), the regulatory and legal, Internet business and other industries are subject to the same checks and safeguards of the law. Therefore, tutor to register online, legally indistinguishable from entity contracts, tutor giving false information/registration/deception and/or cheat with parents or students, will be regarded as criminal acts; 2utor never mentor younger or no action for lack of knowledge of the law. The company will not tolerate mentor such violations, tutorial registration of IP and IP of each action in the future will also be recorded, 2utor will also be necessary to talk with mentor and back up the contents, to the information when you need proof. Tutorial no future is doomed due to a moment's greediness.
Our staff and instructors of the conversation, any part of its oral commitments, can be regarded as a formal agreement or contract, and have the force of law, the company may also be dialogue of part or all of the backup.
You must be on your "registration data", and this site is just a passive data collection and transmission of the intermediary. "Registration data" must be ethical and that there was no violation of any laws, contains no violence, pornography and foul language, and must not contain any violations of privacy or discrimination of the content. If the company considers your "registration data" would have negative effect on any person or institution, we will reserve the right to take legal action. This site has the right to stop showing your "registration data" to all those who have permission to check out (including himself) and permanently delete your membership.

6 Membership qualifications

6.1 Membership qualifications
15 years old or more, with secondary four or above qualification of a natural person, and with mental and legal capacity to contract, as well as by its Charter, bylaws and the memorandum ratified its signed this contract with 2utor Limited, can apply to become a member. 2utor keep refusing any person applying to become a member or to terminate the membership of any person without any explanation of their rights. Who do not meet the aforesaid qualifications shall not use the service.
If you agree and comply with this agreement, it means that you understand the contract contents and has the good judgment to make decisions. If you do not agree with the company's code, please do not register to use the service. This site has the right to cease to provide service to any member.